Suggest upgrading package from PAK to GITHUB_TOKEN (#7)
singularityhub/github-ci: README.md

### 1. Enable Packages

If you want to use the [GitHub package registry](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-container-registry)

> you'll need to follow the instructions there to enable packages for your organization, specifically "public" and "internal" packages should be allowed to be created. You'll also want to add a username associated with your GitHub organization to the repository secret `GHCR_USERNAME`. If a package already exists for your repo, you may need to [follow instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/managing-github-packages-using-github-actions-workflows/publishing-and-installing-a-package-with-github-actions#upgrading-a-workflow-that-accesses-ghcrio) to updade a package from using personal access tokens to the safer `GITHUB_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you'll need to follow the instructions there to enable packages for your organization, specifically "public" and "internal" packages should be allowed to be created. You'll also want to add a username associated with your GitHub organization to the repository secret `GHCR_USERNAME`. If a package already exists for your repository, you may need to [follow instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/managing-github-packages-using-github-actions-workflows/publishing-and-installing-a-package-with-github-actions#upgrading-a-workflow-that-accesses-ghcrio) to update a package from using personal access tokens to the safer `GITHUB_TOKEN` This means that:

 1. If you want to be able to push to the package registry without extra work, don't push a container to the same package namespace that matches the repository before (e.g., from the command line).
 2. If you have already pushed a container to the repository package namespace, or you want to test and don't mind making the manual changes, you will need to [follow these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/managing-github-packages-using-github-actions-workflows/publishing-and-installing-a-package-with-github-actions#upgrading-a-workflow-that-accesses-ghcrio) to associate the package with your repository.
```

Author: Great. Looks good to me.
